1. This License is granted in return for  purchase of 
the associated printer or payment of the appropriate fee 
as specified by HP.

2. In return for the above consideration, HP grants a 
non-exclusive right to use one copy of the Software with 
any computer connected to the associated printer.

3. This License binds the customer who opens this 
Software package and any transferee authorized pursuant 
to section 8 below.  For purposes of this license:

a. The term "user" means such customer and any 
authorized transferee; and

b. The term "use" means storing, loading, installing, 
executing, or displaying the Software.

4. The  Software may not be duplicated or copied except 
for  purposes of archival, backup, error identification, 
or replacement of defective media.  All copies of the 
Software must bear the copyright and other proprietary 
notices on or in the original media as well as any 
restricted rights legends on or in the original media.

5. This License does not include the right to updates, 
upgrades, or other enhancements.  However, this License 
does apply to any update,  upgrade, or other enhancement 
if provided by HP.  HP reserves the right to require an 
additional license and fee for use of the Software on 
any upgraded computer, processor, or controller.

6. This License confers no title or ownership in the 
Software, and confers no rights whatsoever in any 
associated source code or in any other intellectual 
property of HP or its third parties supplier(s).  This 
License is not a sale of any rights in the Software.

7. The Software may not be disassembled, decompiled, 
decrypted,  or reverse engineered unless HP's prior 
written consent is either obtained or not required by 
law.  Upon request, the user will provide HP with 
reasonably detailed information regarding any 
disassembly, decompilation, decryption, or reverse 
engineering.

8. This License is transferable subject to HP's prior 
written consent and payment to HP of any applicable 
transfer fee(s), and subject to the transferee's 
agreement in writing to the terms and conditions of 
this License.  Upon any such transfer, the transferor 
will immediately  deliver all copies of the Software to 
the authorized transferee, and the transferor's rights 
under this License will automatically terminate.  This 
License is also binding on any involuntary transferee.

9. Any third party supplier of the software may protect 
its rights in the Software against violations of this 
License, including any infringement of the third party 
supplier's copyright(s).

10. HP may terminate this License upon notice to the 
user for failure to comply with this License.  
Immediately upon the termination of this License, the 
user will destroy or return to HP all copies of the 
Software, including all copies from any adaptation into 
which such copies are merged (except for individual 
pieces of user data in a related database).

11. If the Software is licensed for use by the U.S. 
government, the user agrees that the Software has been 
developed entirely at private expense and is delivered 
as "Commercial Computer Software" as defined in 
DFARS 252.227-7013 or as "restricted computer software" 
as defined in  FAR 52.227-19, as appropriate.
